.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/3-docs-bug.md, before:

---
name: "📚 Docs or Wiki issue report"
about: Report an issue in the CLI's documentation
labels: bug, documentation
---
<!--🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅

Oh hi there! 😄

To expedite issue processing please search open and closed issues before submitting a new one.
Existing issues often contain information about workarounds, resolution, or progress updates.

🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅-->

# 📚 Docs Bug Report

### Description

<!-- ✍️edit:--> A clear and concise description of the problem...


## 🔬 Minimal Reproduction

### What's the affected URL?**
<!-- ✍️edit:-->


### Expected vs Actual Behavior**
<!-- If applicable please describe the difference between the expected and actual behavior after following the steps to reproduce. -->
<!-- ✍️edit:-->


## 📷Screenshot 
<!-- Often a screenshot can help to capture the issue better than a long description. -->
<!-- ✍️upload a screenshot:-->


## 🔥 Exception or Error
<pre><code>
<!-- If the issue is accompanied by an exception or an error, please share it below: -->
<!-- ✍️-->

</code></pre>


## 🌍  Your Environment
<!-- How are you viewing the docs? What browser? What version? : -->
<!-- ✍️-->

Commit message:

docs: update issue templates to include required sections
and note not to remove template sections to keep this consistent with edgex-go

Signed-off-by: jpwhitemn <jpwhite_mn@yahoo.com>

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/3-docs-bug.md, after:

---
name: "📚 Docs or Wiki issue report"
about: Report an issue in the CLI's documentation
labels: bug, documentation
---
<!--🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅

Oh hi there! 😄

To expedite issue processing please search open and closed issues before submitting a new one.
Existing issues often contain information about workarounds, resolution, or progress updates.

Please do not remove sections of this template when submitting your issue.  If the section is not relevant to your issue, leave the section but enter "n/a" for not applicable.

Note some sections are marked "REQUIRED" and must be provided.  Never mark required sections "n/a".

🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅-->

# 📚 Docs Bug Report

### Description [**REQUIRED**]

<!-- ✍️edit:--> A clear and concise description of the problem...


## 🔬 Minimal Reproduction

### What's the affected URL? [**REQUIRED**]
<!-- ✍️edit:-->


### Expected vs Actual Behavior**
<!-- If applicable please describe the difference between the expected and actual behavior after following the steps to reproduce. -->
<!-- ✍️edit:-->


## 📷Screenshot 
<!-- Often a screenshot can help to capture the issue better than a long description. -->
<!-- ✍️upload a screenshot:-->


## 🔥 Exception or Error
<pre><code>
<!-- If the issue is accompanied by an exception or an error, please share it below: -->
<!-- ✍️-->

</code></pre>


## 🌍  Your Environment
<!-- How are you viewing the docs? What browser? What version? : -->
<!-- ✍️-->
